DOCSP-21243 retryable writes enabled by default (#194)
mongodb/docs-mongodb-shell: source/reference/compatibility.txt

In the legacy ``mongo`` shell, these operations use the specified read
preference.

Write Preference Behavior
-------------------------

> :ref:`Retryable writes <retryable-writes>` are the default in

Reviewer: How about this to be a bit more transparent that the default is `on/true`
```suggestion
:ref:`Retryable writes <retryable-writes>` are enabled by default in
```

Author: Done
